README.md, before:

# 🌐 Technoit - Multi-Page Application

Welcome to **Technoit**, a dynamic, multi-page application designed with modern web development best practices. This project features a responsive layout, interactive elements, light/dark mode, smooth animations, and the Canvas API, offering both functionality and an immersive user experience.

## 🔥 What’s Special About Technoit?

### Key Features:
- **⚡️ Dynamic Multi-Page Layout**: Seamless navigation across multiple pages, offering a smooth user experience.
- **💻 Fully Responsive Design**: Ensures a great experience across devices, from desktops to mobile phones.
- **🌗 Light/Dark Mode Toggle**: Switch between light and dark themes for better accessibility and user customization.
- **🎨 Canvas API Integration**: Utilizing the Canvas API to create custom graphical elements and effects.
- **🎞️ Smooth Animations**: Sleek transitions and animations for a more dynamic and engaging user interface.
- **🛠️ Custom Functions**: Includes `practice.js` and other smooth custom functions to enhance user interaction.

## 📸 Preview

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Completion-100%25-brightgreen" alt="Completion Status">
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=GziXnine/Technoit" alt="Visitors">
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/GziXnine/Technoit" alt="Repository Size">
</p>

![Technoit Screenshot](https://github.com/GziXnine/Technoit/blob/main/landing.png)

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- **HTML5**: For semantic and structured content.
- **CSS3 & SCSS**: Custom styles with variables and reusable code for maintainable, scalable CSS.
- **JavaScript**: Enhances interactivity and handles light/dark mode and Canvas API interactions.
- **Canvas API**: For creating dynamic graphics and animations.
- **Bootstrap**: For a responsive grid and prebuilt UI components.
- **GitHub Pages**: For easy hosting and live preview.

## 🚀 How to Get Started

### Prerequisites:
- Basic understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and SASS.
- Familiarity with Git for version control.

### Installation:
1. **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/GziXnine/Technoit.git
    ```
2. **Navigate to the project folder**:
    ```bash
    cd Technoit
    ```
3. **Open `index.html` in your browser** to view the website.


## 🎨 Customization
This template offers great flexibility for customization. Easily modify the following:

- **SCSS Variables**: Customize the primary and secondary colors, fonts, and other design elements via the `_variables.scss` file.
- **Icons**: Powered by [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/), you can include custom icons throughout the website.

## 📈 Roadmap
- [x] Complete multi-page layout.
- [x] Add fully responsive design.
- [x] Implement dynamic JavaScript interactions.
- [x] Integrate Canvas API for graphical elements.
- [x] Implement smooth animations and transitions.
- [x] Add light/dark mode toggling.
- [x] Add new feature pages and sections.
- [x] Optimize animations for better performance.

## 🤖 Future Enhancements
- **📊 API Integrations**: Integrate with external APIs to enhance content and functionality.
- **⚡️ Performance Improvements**: Further optimize images, assets, and code structure for better speed and performance.

## 🙌 Contributions
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/GziXnine/Technoit/issues) or submit a pull request.

## 📝 License
This project is open-source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## 🙏 Acknowledgments
- Inspired by tutorials from [Elzero Web School](https://elzero.org/).
- Icons provided by [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).
- Fonts from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/).

## 📬 Contact

Feel free to reach out with any questions or feedback:

- **GitHub**: [GziXnine](https://github.com/GziXnine)
- **LinkedIn**: [Ahmed Allam](https://www.linkedin.com/in/1ahmed-allam)
- **Telegram**: [Telegram](http://t.me/GziXnine).

Commit message:

Edit A Buttons Size And Swiper.js & Particles.js Function

README.md, after:

# 🌐 Technoit - Multi-Page Application

Welcome to **Technoit**, a dynamic, multi-page application designed with modern web development best practices. This project features a responsive layout, interactive elements, light/dark mode, smooth animations, and the Canvas API, offering both functionality and an immersive user experience.

## 🔥 What’s Special About Technoit?

## Key Features:
⚡️ **Dynamic Multi-Page Layout**: Seamless navigation across multiple pages, offering a smooth and intuitive user experience.  
💻 **Fully Responsive Design**: Guarantees an excellent experience across all devices, from large desktops to small mobile screens.  
🌗 **Light/Dark Mode Toggle**: Easily switch between light and dark themes, enhancing accessibility and personalization.  
🎨 **Canvas API Integration**: Harnesses the power of the Canvas API to create custom graphical elements and interactive effects.  
🎞️ **Smooth Animations**: Features sleek transitions and animations for a dynamic and visually engaging interface.  
🛠️ **Custom Functions**: Includes `particles.js` and other optimized custom functions to improve interactivity and user engagement.  
🌊 **Swiper Functionality**: Integrated swiper functionality for touch-friendly, smooth transitions between content slides. Ideal for image galleries and carousels.

## 📸 Preview

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Completion-100%25-brightgreen" alt="Completion Status">
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=GziXnine/Technoit" alt="Visitors">
  &nbsp;&nbsp;
  <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/GziXnine/Technoit" alt="Repository Size">
</p>

![Technoit Screenshot](https://github.com/GziXnine/Technoit/blob/main/landing.png)

## 🛠️ Technologies Used
- **HTML5**: For semantic and structured content.
- **CSS3 & SCSS**: Custom styles with variables and reusable code for maintainable, scalable CSS.
- **JavaScript**: Enhances interactivity and handles light/dark mode and Canvas API interactions.
- **Canvas API**: For creating dynamic graphics and animations.
- **Bootstrap**: For a responsive grid and prebuilt UI components.
- **GitHub Pages**: For easy hosting and live preview.

## 🚀 How to Get Started

### Prerequisites:
- Basic understanding of HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and SASS.
- Familiarity with Git for version control.

### Installation:
1. **Clone the repository**:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/GziXnine/Technoit.git
    ```
2. **Navigate to the project folder**:
    ```bash
    cd Technoit
    ```
3. **Open `index.html` in your browser** to view the website.


## 🎨 Customization
This template offers great flexibility for customization. Easily modify the following:

- **SCSS Variables**: Customize the primary and secondary colors, fonts, and other design elements via the `_variables.scss` file.
- **Icons**: Powered by [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/), you can include custom icons throughout the website.

## 📈 Roadmap
- [x] Complete multi-page layout.
- [x] Add fully responsive design.
- [x] Implement dynamic JavaScript interactions.
- [x] Integrate Canvas API for graphical elements.
- [x] Implement smooth animations and transitions.
- [x] Add light/dark mode toggling.
- [x] Add new feature pages and sections.
- [x] Optimize animations for better performance.

## 🤖 Future Enhancements
- **📊 API Integrations**: Integrate with external APIs to enhance content and functionality.
- **⚡️ Performance Improvements**: Further optimize images, assets, and code structure for better speed and performance.

## 🙌 Contributions
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome! Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/GziXnine/Technoit/issues) or submit a pull request.

## 📝 License
This project is open-source and available under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

## 🙏 Acknowledgments
- Inspired by tutorials from [Elzero Web School](https://elzero.org/).
- Icons provided by [Font Awesome](https://fontawesome.com/).
- Fonts from [Google Fonts](https://fonts.google.com/).

## 📬 Contact

Feel free to reach out with any questions or feedback:

- **GitHub**: [GziXnine](https://github.com/GziXnine)
- **LinkedIn**: [Ahmed Allam](https://www.linkedin.com/in/1ahmed-allam)
- **Telegram**: [Telegram](http://t.me/GziXnine).
